v0.25: Task api (#1208)
meilisearch/documentation: resources/faq.md

More datasets and setting configurations are available [in this repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/datasets/).

> ## I did a call to an API route, what does the response mean?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## I did a call to an API route and got an object as a response. What does it mean?
```

More datasets and setting configurations are available [in this repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/datasets/).

> ## I did a call to an API route, and I only got an `updateId` as a response. What does it mean?

Reviewer: We should maybe replace this FAQ answer w/ something

Author: I wasn’t sure if we needed something here so I removed it? Maybe explain the summarized task response the users get?

See more [information about the primary key](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#primary-key).

> ## I have uploaded my documents, but I get no result when I search in my index.

Reviewer: This FAQ answer is particularly important, since it's a common problem for first-time users of MeiliSearch—whether because their document addition failed, or because it simply hasn't been processed yet. We definitely need some form of this question in the FAQ.
